[electricity crackling]
[console trilling]
[Doubledealer]
I said we'd get it up and running…
and we will--
[clatter]
[sighs] In good time.
[voice 1 snarling]
We're not paying you for the ship!
The ship's for me. You get the cargo.
Now, do we have a deal or not?
[voice 2] Agreed.
[voice 3] Agreed.
[voice 1] Agreed.
[voice 4] Agreed.
[voice 5] Agreed,
but make sure the restraints hold.
[voice 4] We cannot abide heroics.
[sighs]
There are no heroes on this ship.
Have the energon ready when we arrive.
[voice 2] Deliver the prize undamaged
and you will get every…
[static interference]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[theme music plays]
[Megatron] Please come in.
[Elita grunts]
[Starscream] Oops.
[Elita groans]
Magnus?
An excellent soldier, like you.
I apologize for Starscream.
He will be dealt with.
Are you going to murder him too?
You're upset.
You're slaughtering
your own people for energon!
I am preserving our race!
The few of us who are left
must stand united
against the fate
that Prime's recklessness sealed for us.
So, yes,
my Project Nemesis sacrifices a few,
but it is so that generations may live.
We're not yours to sacrifice.
Why didn't you leave
with Prime on his Ark?
I think you disagreed
with Prime's actions.
You believe the divide
between our two factions
is antiquated and pointless
in the face of certain extinction.
And so do I.
If we agree on so many things,
why are we opponents?
[Elita scoffs]
Don't confuse ideals with ideology.
It's our actions that define us,
and yours make me sick.
I thought the world of you back then.
If you think that because I knew the hero
I would absolve the monster…
[gasps] …you really are insane.
[snarls] Get out!
[door opens]
[grunts] What is Project Nemesis?
Salvation.
[door closes]
Don't look at me like that.
[Bumblebee murmurs]
-Huh?
-[Doubledealer grunts] Finally!
Top speed to Chaar!
Ramjet, Dirge,
we'll see you and the fortune
at the rendezvous…
in one piece
if you can manage it this time.
[Ramjet chuckling]
Huh…
Where's the ugly one?
-[Bumblebee grunts]
-[Exhaust groans] Hey! Yellow is sporty!
[both growl]
You shoot me, you shoot your pal.
-[Bumblebee grunts] Whoa!
-[Exhaust grunts]
[pants]
What happened to honor among thieves?
[Doubledealer] We sold it…
to the highest bidder…
Autobot.
Mercenary scum!
[weapon fires]
-[Prime] Bumblebee…
-[Bumblebee] Huh?
Stand down.
But Prime…
You are outnumbered.
Stand down.
[sighs softly]
[chuckles] Yellow.
[Starscream]
This was fun. Let's do it again.
[pleased] Hmm.
Ticktock, Autobot filth.
-[Chromia] What did he tell you?
-Nothing useful.
I don't think
he's told his own Decepticons
why he's harvesting their energon.
They must be building some kind of weapon.
To use on who?
I hate to break it to the Decepticons,
but they've already won the war.
[Elita] Not yet they haven't.
There's still some spark
left in my circuits.
[Jetfire] Yeah, but…
ticktock.
[Thrust] Move!
[wind howling]
[Prime] That symbol you wear…
You are of the Mercenary faction?
[Doubledealer]
There are no factions out here.
[Prime]
Do you know how long we were adrift?
I don't know. [grunts]
It doesn't change
the bounty on your heads,
and that's all I'm here for.
Only thing more valuable than you
is the Allspark.
[Prime] And what if I told you
we have the means to find it?
[Doubledealer] Hmm. Save it for Deseeus.
[grunts] Anybody home?
[distant clanking echoes]
Can't say I feel all that welcome.
[voice 3] But you are, my children.
Most welcome.
[laughing]
[all laughing]
[sighs] A Quintesson?
I thought they were a myth.
Not anymore.
[sighs] We should be up there with him.
Prime can handle himself.
Do you know who I am?
I know what you are. That is enough.
Contempt? Remarkable.
But mistaken.
Long ago, your race toiled
under the abject cruelty
of the Quintesson Empire
until the day one magistrate took a stand.
I freed your race
and gave you the power
to fight your oppressors and win.
It is I, Deseeus the Renegade,
Breaker of Shackles!
I knew from the start
that you are more than menial laborers,
so I devised a simple solution.
I would help you transform
from servants
to masters of your own destiny.
Incredible, isn't it?
[Prime] The power of transformation
is granted to us by the Allspark.
[growls] Allspark! Allspark!
[grunts] What's taking so long
with that energon, Deseeus?
It's coming!
-Is it?
-They already paid!
No, I didn't!
Patience, Doubledealer, while I reach…
consensus.
[sighs] Scrapping Quintessons.
[Prime] Tell me this, Deseeus…
if you are our great liberator,
the Breaker of Shackles,
then why are we in chains?
Advanced reasoning.
Unexpected.
And unfortunate.
Nothing a little reformat won't fix.
Too dangerous!
Execute them!
Slowly!
Make them suffer!
No! This was settled.
-Was it?
-Yes!
I need them.
[Prime sighs] What is it you need from us?
[sighs]
All in due time.
First, a new consensus must be reached.
Come on, Red.
Can you drop the barriers or not?
I've tried everything I know.
[Jetfire] Hmm.
Can we send a distress signal?
[Red Alert] To who?
HQ is deserted,
and no one's heard
from Omega Supreme since…
Crystal City fell.
We are on our own.
Then we'll have to make a break
when they come to retrieve us.
That's cutting it awfully close,
seeing as
they'll be retrieving us for execution.
The odds are bad, I… I know,
but we don't have a choice.
[footsteps approaching]
-[Red Alerts gasps] Already?
-[Elita] Stay close.
When the moment's right,
I'll give the word.
[distant screeching, groaning]
[Thrust] I wouldn't squirm.
These things chafe like a glitch.
You know, it could be worse.
We could be with Megatron.
-[screeching]
-I don't understand what we're doing.
And what is that sound?
[Prime] Patience, Bumblebee.
This Quintesson seems paralyzed
by a need for consensus.
We can use it to our advantage
that they are in total conflict.
Yeah, we need to strike… now.
[Prime] When the time is right.
For now, we are safe
as long as Deseeus
continues to deliberate.
-[screaming]
-You know what? I think I hear it too.
Yeah. What is that?
[sinister music plays]
Please! If the Council sees that a…
a peaceful faction has emerged,
their fears might at last…
[screaming]
[snarls] Consensus!
[sighs] Come to gloat?
No, I have a proposal.
Join me.
Project Nemesis needs leaders…
leaders like you.
I still don't even know
what your Project Nemesis is.
I told you.
Salvation.
And I promise, with you at my side,
our people will not simply survive,
they will flourish.
Prime took you for granted, Ariel.
I would never do that.
[Elita] And my friends?
I want you.
[Elita] And I need them.
[Megatron sighs] Unfortunately…
so do I.
[snap]
[beeping]
[mechanism clanks]
[sighs] If there is anything left
of the champion
who clawed his way up from these pits,
of… of the hero who thought to fight
for all of his people,
if there is truly a spark of goodness
left in you, Megatron,
there is another way.
You could join us.
I'm afraid their fate is sealed,
and so is yours.
[Jetfire] Not everyone
deserves redemption.
I would rather die believing that they do.
[electricity crackling]
[system powering down]
[Decepticon panting]
[Elita gasps]
[sighs] Till all are one.
[Elita] You're free.
All of you, go.
It's our turn to save you.
The power won't be off for long.
Let's go!
[Doubledealer grunts]
I, uh… have to say, Deseeus,
I like the new look.
Uh, now, I believe you owe me--
Nothing, you insolent fool!
Leave with your life and be glad of it.
[Doubledealer grunts]
We had a deal, Deseeus!
All six of us!
Well, it's just the two of us now,
and I say the deal's off!
[growls] I'm not going anywhere
till we get paid!
[weapons cock]
[panting]
I would sooner destroy you.
[Doubledealer chuckles]
Yeah?
You and whose army?
[weapons cock]
Mine, you imbecile!
[sighs]
You are making a mistake.
[dramatic music intensifying]
[alarm beeping]
[dramatic music continues]
[echoing thud]
-There goes stealth mode.
-[Skytread] What are you doing?
They'll be here any second.
Run!
I'm no Autobot sympathizer,
but that doesn't mean
I agree with what's going on here.
You have to get
these Decepticons to safety.
Now…
[sighs]
Punch me!
What?
You have to punch me
so they don't think I just let you go.
[Chromia] I got this.
[grunts]
[Skytread grunts]
You heard him! Run!
[Megatron grunts]
I'll have Starscream's head!
[sighs] Without the Autobot infusion,
we must consider harvesting
another Decepticon sector.
[Megatron] Do it! I don't care where.
[Soundwave] Lord Megatron,
an incoming transmission.
[Megatron] Not now!
[Soundwave] It's…
from the Ark.
[growls] What did you just say?
[Deseeus] One mind. A singular focus!
This is how it should always have been!
[groans] We are innocent, Deseeus.
[chuckling]
Perhaps a demonstration
of how we deal with the innocent.
Bring me the ugly one.
Oh, come on!
[Doubledealer] Let him go.
[Prime] Wheeljack!
[Wheeljack grunts]
-[system powers down]
-[electricity crackling]
-Mirage! Hound!
-[Mirage grunts]
[screams] No!
[gunfire]
[Doubledealer grunts] Get to your ship!
We'll hold them!
[Prime] Hmm. We owe you a debt of thanks.
[Doubledealer] You don't owe us anything.
Just tell me
that you really can find the Allspark.
[Prime] We can and we will.
Autobots, transform and roll out!
[Autobots transform]
[grunts] Till our paths
cross again, Prime…
good fortune.
[gunfire continues]
[footsteps approaching quickly]
[Prime] Stations, everyone!
We learned an important fact today.
Megatron has not found the Allspark.
So, we have an opportunity.
[Prime] And we have the means.
Prepare for launch.
[Shockwave]
Lord Megatron, please reconsider.
Deviation from the stated mission
of the project jeopardizes--
I said, now!
[tablet beeping]
[trills]
[thunderous rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
[engines whirring]
[music continues]
[Megatron] The Nemesis.
Our salvation.
Built and fueled by the sparks
of a thousand Autobots.
[Shockwave] And Decepticons.
She was to be an Ark
to hasten the search for a new world--
[snarls] New world be damned!
We now have a greater mission.
I have learned that Optimus Prime,
the murderer of Cybertron…
lives.
[abrupt indistinct chatter]
This Nemesis will be the chariot I ride
to Prime's annihilation.
[Starscream]
Easier said than done, mighty Megatron.
How will we even find Optimus Prime?
[Megatron] Hmm…
I already have.
[dramatic music intensifying]
[music fades out]
[theme music plays]